well howdy there internet people is Bo
again you know I talk about what's wrong
with the world so much people ask me
what kind of world I want to live in I
never really answered before not because
I don't have an answer but just because
it's so simple it sounds silly to say it
I just want to be able to sit on my
porch and drink homemade whiskey while I
use my phone to order a pizza that's
gonna be delivered by a drone that I'm
paying for with crypto currency that was
mined using renewable energy and I'm
ordering this pizza because the newly
married interracial gay couple next door
is coming over to introduce me to their
recently adopted refugee child now he's
a refugee from a natural disaster
because we don't have war refugees
anymore they're bringing dessert they
bought it at a bake sale benefiting the
K through PhD community run school that
is free for all and stays fully funded
because people understand that education
is a community asset after lunch a nurse
friend of mine is gonna come over she
works up with the free hospital that is
voluntarily funded by local businesses
who understand that a healthy community
is an economically viable community
she's picking up some grapes she's gonna
turn them into jelly she's gonna give me
five jars keep five jars and give ten
jars to the local food bank every yard
grows food and what isn't needed is
shared there's no big daddy government
forcing all of this to happen it's just
people helping people on the wall in
almost every home is an automatic rifle
but it's only taken down to be trained
with or dusted kind of like a fire
extinguisher because there's no poverty
there's not really any crime therefore
there's no cops that's handled by
citizens matters of justice are held by
an impartial jury when it comes to non
violent crimes it's all restitution
based penalties when it comes to violent
crimes it could be rehabilitative or
disassociation from the community or in
extreme cases execution there's no such
thing as a victimless crime that just
doesn't exist and in my world
individual achievement still motivates
everybody but it's not the pursuit of
material possessions that keeps people
moving it's the desire to see their
community prosper in a world like this
there's no need to escape so drug abuse
of course
it's coordination between communities
while that exists and mainly done
through teleconference when the experts
in whatever the field is that's being
discussed sit down work out a consensus
on what's best for everybody in our
community trade occurs much like it does
today but without the profit motivator
inventions come to market a whole lot
faster because there's no intellectual
property laws workers pray for the
automation of their industry because
their needs are met with or without
their job and when their position
becomes obsolete
while they innovate and drive society
even further into the future as we
embrace that equality of opportunity
bigotry dies people spend more time
trying to master their own wife or the
world around them rather than each other
kings and queens are things that only
exist on chess boards empires only exist
in video games but free travel exists
everywhere because we as a world in a
society have begun to think much much
broader than a border I know sounds
pretty utopian right but it's just a
thought y'all have a good night